Reorganized chef-backend.rb settings and add etcd.ionice settings (released in Chef Backend 2.2) (#2626)
chef/chef-web-docs: themes/docs-new/layouts/shortcodes/config_rb_backend_summary.md

The `chef-backend.rb` file is generated using
`chef-backend-ctl gen-sample-backend-config` and controls most of the
various feature and configuration flags going into a Chef HA backend
node. A number of these options control the reliability, stability and

> uptime of the backend PostgreSQL databases, the elastic search index,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uptime of the backend PostgreSQL databases, the Elasticsearch index,
```

"Elasticsearch" is the name of the product, so this PR should probably have a `s/elastic search/Elasticsearch/g` run on it.

and the leader election system. Please refrain from changing them unless
you have been advised to do so.

-   `fqdn` Host name of this node.
-   `hide_sensitive` Set to `false` if you wish to print deltas of
    sensitive files and templates during `chef-backend-ctl reconfigure`
    runs. `true` by default.
-   `ip_version` Set to either `'ipv4'` or `'ipv6'`. `'ipv4'` by
    default.
-   `publish_address` Externally resolvable IP address of this back-end

>     node.

Reviewer 2: Are these settings that the user could or should change?
I'm thinking prefacing this list with something like:
`Verify that the following settings are correctly configured:`
or
`Configure the following settings:`

Author: I think it is more like "these are the only settings you should change when setting up without guidance" - @sean-horn ?
